I show Speed ​​donates Palestine part of the
prize he won in the Mr
beast video the famous youtuber Logan Paul
has a face to face with
Donald Trump himself and they invite Joey Biden to debate a
podcast the twitterer Juan de
Dios fights with the girl who was
osl's lover the one with the boy Yes Roma
Gallardo and some of the youtubers of the
fascist sphere exposed in a
four program with a face to face interview the
streamer Star demands money from Pepe or
rather Pereira after the controversy with
heretics Elva pulls her hair out with
the streamer Tris for making fun of her in
a Stream gata rebot's relative
responds to people who have accused her of
casa Partner for some tweets from the past
fofo Márquez linked to a process for
femicide the Twitch seo walks
through Spain and gives interviews to
some streamers Crystal Molly gets
angry with her community because they demand
more screen time Rocío Vidal
points out Marina jers for participating in
some scams and goes and announces the
guest  special of the evening and it's about
Will Smith himself maichi
tells of his worst experience while
traveling the latest Belum controversy with
another expelled person and with this one there are
three this time Ten has made
xenophobic comments about Argentina
villin responds to a hater in German and
sends him packing and talks about the money he
makes and Vegeta gives us a lesson in
humility By surpassing Auron Play in
viewers I'll tell you everything in a little while
Well in a little while not in a moment
here on your favorite gossip channel What's up
my kids How are you I hope you
're already enjoying the
weekend I'll stop when I'm recording
This video I'm traveling because I
have to record something that I
'll be able to comment on soon it's about an
intervention in a documentary that they're
recording for a digital platform that I'll
be able to tell you very soon what it is in case you
want to see it family today's video is
quite loaded I think that with the
index I've already left you stiff so I'm not
going to go on too much in the intro
because as you have seen I have  a lot of
news to tell you as I said
I am traveling by the time you are
watching this video so there will be a
couple of days when there will be no live shows
So stay tuned because
anything I have to
inform you about I will do so via video I
will probably be back on Sunday
night but I have to tell you that I have
left recorded content for the three
channels my main channel Javi oliveira
my channel salsería and my channel telesalseo
pasear For the three of you who are going to be
entertained and anyway you already know
that I am usually very active on my
Twitter and my Instagram account in case you
want to know what I am
doing get comfortable and let's get down to business
the other day in one of the last
newscasts we were commenting apart
from that Mr beast has recorded a video
that everything would point to it being a
squid game or something similar with the
biggest streamers on the entire planet
a show spe was also recording with him
a previous video I think
more or less at the same time and he won a
prize here it says  $1,000 I thought it
was 150,000 But well here they say
100,000 and it turns out that Speed ​​has
donated part of that prize to
Palestine which you already know because of the situation
that is happening the truth is that the
simple fact of his public support for
Palestine has generated some
controversy and I imagine that I do not have to
explain to you why the youtuber
Logan Paul also owner of that
beverage company Prime that now
also sponsors IB energy drinks
which by the way I tried well I don't
dislike it but I don't love it either has
managed to do a podcast with
Donald Trump himself days after he
was convicted you have a video
talking in depth about this on my
main channel ald Trump has been seen very
worried about his new sentence
we will see how long that sentence lasts and
if it is confirmed and he has given Logan
Paul some t-shirts with his police photo
from this podcast he has invited
jo biden himself to do a face to face with
Trump in strict live which Trump
of course has accepted
I sincerely seeing the latest
video images that have  published
about this gentleman Joe biden I have my
doubts that he is willing or
even available or able to
accept any type of public debate
Unless he is handled like a muppet
sincerely If we see these images they are
worrying as a father of
two babies I am able to perfectly distinguish
when one of them has
pooped himself surely
you will remember the twitterer ju de Dios
Recently some elite streamers
caught it as a joke and then it
ended up turning out as it had to
if on Twitter he behaves in a
certain way Well evidently in
Stream he was going to cause a big mess there were a couple
of controversies that we were commenting on on
this channel about this twitterer while he
was participating in a series
with the elite streamers and now he
has praised on Twitter with this
girl who cheated on a
boyfriend or half-boyfriend with the
very orlock the Gigolo orlock it all
starts with a silly tweet
that Juan de Dios was
responding to we cannot see the tweet To the one
who is responding because the one who has
locked his account okay but
anyway  Well well no, he won't
be getting hate or whatever and the
kid has put a lock on him so he ca
n't respond to him But hey, it's nothing
important okay, it's something about sports or
something like that, what draws
attention is the post from the fae girl there
are no words to describe the disgust I
have for this account and I will
never understand why so many people
think it is the pinnacle of humor well I'll
explain it to you fae because there are many people
who think the same as this man this is
very common on networks I often
ask myself Hey Hey but why do so many
people support x and it's because there is a large
percentage of people surely a greater
percentage of people than people
who are not the same as X in this case
well, I have seen this Juan de Dios
tweet some pretty
unfortunate things the response that
Juan de Dios has given to this girl this
is not the [ __ ] who cheated on her
boyfriend normal with osl I don't know what you
will think of the response family if it
will seem proportionate or not to what
fae has said that in the end she is the one
the conflict has started but I will be
reading you in the comments box
comment with respect yesterday there was an
interview with several youtubers in a
program of four that belongs to
mediaset so that you understand those of you who
are outside of Spain from the same group
as tele5 where they interviewed Roma
Gallardo freedom and whatever comes up and
apparently they interviewed some
more streamers what happens is that not
all the interviews have been published or
finally with some an agreement was not reached
The Movida is that it seems that
lately this type of formats in which
left-wing journalists meet with
right-wing youtubers to try to
dismantle them and take away credibility from the
story they promulgate on the network, well it is
becoming something Quite common
recently in fact they published another one on
a Catalan television and basically it
was the same thing I tell you And
this is a fact the truth is that from
the pieces that I have seen I do not understand
How this could be manipulated
or not and what the reality would be for it to
be different But the truth is that
both Roma Gallardo and freedom and what
arises in these interviews do not seem to have been
handled in  the best way
the truth is that they have been a little
so-so it seems that the journalist has
much more experience than them and they have been
in the medium longer and he has known how to handle it did it
seem to you too when you have
rectified that as it happens with
fake news and as journalists have
been checking all our lives The
lie travels much faster than the
truth And even if you go later to deny
something or rectify something,
nobody will get the full interview I can't
show it to you and we can't comment on it for
obvious reasons you know that television
gets a little special when
we comment on these things but more or less
the role and the tone is directed in these
pieces that you are seeing So that
means Roma that you have a
tremendous responsibility with the more than
3 million people who follow you on
foot
and who are going to stay with the first
headline that you let out of that little mouth That's why I
always say that they should check it out,
don't believe me Do you think that any of
all those who see you at night are going to
go to a library to check or
go on Google to get the extracts,
well they are going to  stay with what
Roma Gallardo just said that for them he is
God on the part of Roma Gallardo there is one
thing that I do not understand I can
sincerely understand that the journalist is more
prepared and knows what he is going to
talk about and that maybe they should have
given you some points to develop so that
you know in advance what you are going to
talk about to more or less have an
answer is prepared Although
sincerely In my opinion also in the
interview I have seen him deny some things
that are unnecessary like for example
when they have thrown in his face videos that
he had made and then he says that he has not
done it through these years I lost
many followers video after video with
many things then I am filtering
from the people precisely of whom you
speak of those who do not consult things
those who do not consult things end up
finding conflicts the majority and they
leave and stop watching eh the truth is that I
tell you it has not been in the best way
and I do not understand how Roma at the moment in which
the program begins to broadcast
has been titing saying that he has not
given them permission or that he has withdrawn the
permission after having recorded so
that  broadcast the interview there are a lot of people
who need to be told what to
think politics takes advantage of that
and youtubers like you no no
me no me on the contrary
a political party takes advantage of that you know
one tells you that we are being
invaded and the other tells you that
men are murderers and that women
have to be very afraid when they go out on
the street to see sincerely first you
meet with them they give him the interview and
when they are going to broadcast it it turns out that
suddenly he doesn't want it it is a little strange he
made a video warning of
legal measures because in a
telephone conversation he withdrew that consent to
broadcast the interview as far as I
understand I think that you can
withdraw consent whenever you
want before it is broadcast so
we will see what happens but it is
true that facing the public it is
a little strange that you do a
debate face to face with someone and
finally if you did not like it or you have
realized that they are going to edit it
you want it not to be broadcast change re-
record change answers in the end I
told them that I did not want to release it I recorded the
call also  I called David Vidal I
told him that I did not give them
consent and that I withdrew my
consent, I recorded that call and I
also wrote to him later on
WhatsApp saying that they would
answer me about not releasing the
video, he gave me the runaround saying good
Rome, well I have no idea, I forwarded it to my
bosses and I still haven't received anything. I
'm out so I imagine
they will get in touch. Well in the end they
released the video without my consent, they did
n't have consent. I
withdrew it by phone and it's recorded. I was
lucky enough to make the call from my
house with my hands-free kit and
everything is recorded just as
the full interview with these people is recorded in
my house. I was very kind to all of
you no matter how much it itches your
crotch, I was extremely kind, I
was very gentle in the interview and despite the fact that
all the people are saying that
if the presenter looks bad, that if
they are liars, it's that I don't care about that.
It's obviously not the case, it's not what
matters to me, people already have my
content if they want to know what I say
but you can't release content without a
person's consent and when  They
withdrew consent a long
time ago, long before releasing this
program yesterday, just like when I do
interviews and a person at the end
tells me that they don't want to appear or that they don't want to show
their image, I can pixelate it, I
can withdraw it, I can do everything, but I
can't remove the image of a person
if they don't want to appear then I'm going to
take you to court, apart from the fact that I
verbally withdrew the consent by phone and it is
recorded, I did not sign
the paper that you gave me to
give up my rights, I did not
sign it, the
conversation on my terrace in front of my
house is also recorded, in which I keep the paper and
I do not sign it. Well, I don't know how we're going to
fix this. So for now, what I
demand of you immediately and as
soon as possible and not through a tweet or anything,
or a statement or a letter, what I
demand is that at the same time in the
same program immediately on four
in the channel's media or whatever
you consider,
the truth is openly said and they are upset
because the same mass, the same
number of people who have been able to see
this program realize  I really
hope you rectified that way of
distorting my message I hope you
rectified and that you teach people the
truth that I do not have a speech
against women that I can criticize
a group of people for fighting bulls
a group of people for eating gum a
group of people for dressing is a
form of eternity that is a criticism
that I can make at any time
like all people and that is not being
against those people is criticizing
whatever comes out of my balls and less
being against the group of women
or the group of men see on the one
hand I think that Rome is right in
the sense that if you withdraw
consent they cannot issue it but of
course I am completely sure that the
four are not going to be absolutely
anything about rectifications or anything like that
and if Rome wants to sue Well let it
sue and then it will take a
lot of years to have a
firm result by the time it has it then it will be done you will
win or you will not win and then if you
win Well it will have to be executed and
nobody will even remember  this
topic maybe the program doesn't even exist anymore
that's why they don't care okay because
TV programs make a lot of
money they demand whatever they want so well
then you have to fight for it what you
always have to do is record the
entire interview because if they're going to edit it and then
when they air it you think that
the meaning of what you may have said has changed,
then that's what you
prove and this is something that freedom
whatever arises has done on some
occasions utbh has come out to comment the
following and has caused tension
among his colleagues quoting the
journalist who did the interview
okay I'm a straight white guy you
contacted me a few months ago very
politely for an interview about
feminism and the rise of denialism among
young people I agreed I am one of the biggest channels
that talks about this subject and I have
more or less serious debates with
feminists like Clara será in the end you
finally opted for other
disseminators who have been
easier to caricature and ridicule to
give a unilateral and Manichean version of
what you have decided to call macho
sphere This is not journalism John this
is  another thing in this clip you ask
freedom and whatever arises with amazement
where she got the studies on
violence in the field of the couple as
if she were talking about the necronomicon then you say
that those of you who have been working in this
have not found out and that there are 1700
studies I owe Mars without bitterness that if you have been
working in this for a long time,
violence in the field of the couple and you
have not heard of the largest database and
compilation of studies on
violence in the field of the couple, the
journalists thing is a bit too much for you
when you want, sit with me John and I will
bury you in those studies of what you have
not found out You who have been
investigating the matter for so long, I
recommend that to start, take a look
at the Partner abuse State of canovel it is the
most exhaustive compilation around
violence in the field of the
intimate couple Well here it gives a series of data
that if you want to stop the video you
can stop it to read it, I have followed your
career John and I must admit that I have
always admired the work you
did in fact I was excited when I
you contacted me to discuss the issue
because I assumed you would give it a
relatively objective approach. Beyond the
noise of social networks,
unfortunately, I have found another
piece of propaganda with a
unilateral vision of a complex issue that seeks to
fall into the easy
and Manichean story to which we are accustomed and that is obtaining the results that you already know and around here it has been hooked freely and whatever arises because of course these words, words of utbh, have been seen by his colleagues as if utbh was good, really yes, it is true that
utbh is implying that with these words, I do not
know if you will agree or not. Because you already
know that I am not specialized in these contents
about feminism and politics and
all these things,
if you follow these
creators, then give me your opinion in
the comments box but basically
yes Sergio. Here he is implying that
he would not have been manipulated and that he would have been
above his
colleagues and much better in this
interview, freedom and what Suja
answers, you make the thread with things that
obviously I have already told you but that
by the magic of  edition they have not put
saying that it is easier for us to
caricature us and you say that they talk
to you as if they
were not going to edit your interview Exactly the same with
two balls to which utbh responds
with all the love in the world no matter how much they
have edited you the way you
have of responding to this I have the link
is not the forceful and
categorical response that the journalist's question deserved no matter how
much you believe the
opposite Of course because the part of
sending him all the information and everything
else does not appear they look alike new well
man if you are not capable of understanding that there is
something called oratory and that the
way you have of answering gives rise to being
edited as if you were an
orangutan I cannot help you with what
freedom answers him If you are not capable of
understanding that it seems to me a tremendous
nonsense what you are saying and that in
an hour of interview he would have
responded in the same way and Sergio
responds to him Surely yes Well I am
seeing that Sergio's answers
have more like than adriá's I do not know
if that proves him right or not Because already  you
know that sometimes it's not
because they didn't even contact me but they
released a video of me not blurry and with the
altered voice of utbh too and of
Dallas from Dallas too well nothing
family here there is a certain pique I quote
because utbh considers himself smarter
than the other two and believes that they would not have
edited manipulated the
interview or that if they had edited
and manipulated it it would not have turned out as
bad as the others what do you think I
open a debate and I think this is going to be a
long time okay over here there is a
follower who says to adriá
ask yourself why they always bring you up
yesterday I was commenting on the issue
that has already been resolved with retic And it
turns out that after p
reported both in court and
publicly that reti and gorgo did not
pay him 40,000 turkeys that he was owed from his
salary claiming that they were
deducting damages from the house
finally It seems that with this
public complaint and this pressure gorgo
lied there was no damage that he had to assume
Pereira and they paid him what they
had to pay him so as not to have to go
to court Well it turns
out that after this lie from Gorgo
that has left him in such a bad way
someone has also come out to complain about Pereira
this guy Star who apparently Well he
is also a streamer Hi Pepe to
pay the 7000 for the multiverse parcour
that you organized between all of you What do you
think as a situation it would be cool to reach
an agreement also well nothing we will
see what Pereira responds regarding this
the content creator Elvira yuki makes
fun of the streamer Tris in the middle of a
live show generating a huge controversy that
has sparked an argument on Twitter between
both streamers man It's not that this part
the truth is that it killed me man
Why do you say your name and laugh man elv
When did you record that do you think that
I am going to do those things Oh I am elv
yuki
[Music]
TR has felt offended by the clip and
has complained on Twitter the following
I laugh because I feel like it and
because I am happy and I have no need to
laugh and make fun of others with
my entire [ __ ] chat to which vira yuki
replies aunt I left you DM I'm so
sorry I meant that I'm not that
cuty, I mean on top of that I was
flirting with her no when what we've
objectively all seen Right now on
screen is a mockery many viewers
tell me that I should stop showing off And be
cuter and they pass me V's like
cute girls cuties no I mean cute I don't know how the
[ __ ] it's pronounced made for nothing I laugh
at you too I tell you the clip is very cut I
say good things and I explain everything
but it has been reduced to a clip of a few
seconds in the next Stream I explain
everything and I apologize I don't want to make
anyone feel bad it's very good to
apologize but don't justify yourself to
which tril responds but if the rest
of the clip is you making faces at me the
only thing you say Well it's that you like
one of the shirts that I show if I
hadn't justified you in the end I would delete the
tweet but I don't feel that the apology
is sincere I'm sorry if you really
regret it no  You keep making these types
of reactions and comments, especially in
public with all the followers you
have, and moderate your chat so that you don't
disrespect others.
Words end up carried away by the wind.
Honestly, it seems to me like a
cable collection by Elvira Yuki
after they caught her and she looked terrible
laughing at a colleague in the face. In
one of the last newscasts,
we were commenting on how the cat was being
canceled on social networks, especially
on Twitter, the cradle of the funa because they
were rescuing a tweet where she was trying to
flirt with a bigger streamer and people
were calling her house Partner vpx
Don't believe everything that's on the internet,
for God's sake, screenshots of mine from when
two years ago in which I don't say anything, I
raided this online and suck it, they are very
pama, let them say whatever their dick comes out,
man, all day here all day
being an [ __ ], but these are the same ones
who have been attacking us
before, now at a point where it's enough, you
put it all on them, they are the same
all the time, all the time, all the time, all the
time  little second of sage You have to
be happy because it's funny to me that they
call me that for having posted two
half-bad tweets when literally
the long list of people in the sector who
have hit on me privately even though I
have a partner is funny but of course
I'm the bad one because if a
woman does it it's wrong Of course yes handsome on
top of that two years ago don't get on my
balls because I can also go out and
take a screenshot I would
upset some couples on the internet
don't get on my balls I don't know why they
want to defame me my son make
someone pretty damn [ __ ] It's just
ridiculous [ __ ] at least I can I can
call people pretty because well I
can choose everything good and that's it
and it pisses you off and that's it it
pisses you off I don't know excuse me for calling
people pretty when I'm single Oh
what a bit toxic drama blaming
someone for being with someone else because
I think the only person who
would have to complain if I
called someone pretty two years ago would be my
partner no I mean no Random people from
Twitter like Oh it pisses you off that you guys don't  I've
thrown the rod I know I understand I understand I understand It's okay
Someday you'll do it someday they'll give you
a [ __ ] these days come calmly
someday they'll give you a [ __ ] Okay, the
screenshots were already seen We were watching them on
that newscast They weren't anything special
around here the editor will be
reminding me of some around But okay,
basically they're [ __ ] I want
my date with Carola but I think my video
won't make it to IB chat help me with
love I'd be too excited it's
my Crash and then here flirting with
gref okay I present to you my new
physical challenge retu accompany me not the video the
physical change of gref and says cat
please don't get richer some of us
have blood pressure problems and then over
here another one for dig gref digref always
wins good training for the
ibainefico a defeat to baloran and to the
[ __ ] bed I give you lessons in LoL and
baloran future lover my mother is going to take it
out great eh I think probably
yes probably he was looking for the
attention of some streamers and that you
answer but maybe  It wasn't even to
flirt maybe it was just
to gain fame I don't understand
any of the words that gata has said
because basically she is launching a warning
in which she states that it could destroy
couples Because some streamers who
have a relationship have hit on her
and I say to myself, what is those
streamers' fault? And why are you getting mad at them
If the ones bothering you are
random Twitter users The truth is
that it seems that gata is going to give us
a lot of content and she is not a person who
goes unnoticed this topic I was
dealing with in depth on the
main channel but since I have to go on a
trip well as I told you at the
beginning of the video by the time you are
watching this I will not be there I will not have
more time to record it and it is not very
important it is simply a step we will have to
see how the hearing goes How the
trial is given What is the sentence but just so you
know, okay the fofo Márquez linked
to the process for the crime of
attempted femicide is something that I
think was Clara from the beginning
and that I and many of you would have
been very disappointed if it were not like
that  It was just missing, I mean, dude, the guy
beat up a lady in the face
and what the least, obviously, let's see, there
in Mexico the thing about femicide is
different than here in Spain, femicide
in Spain is when you kill a woman and
the reason why you're
killing her is her condition as a woman, not the
fact of being a woman. We've been dealing with
some issues from Mexico, for example, I
remind you about this little girl that we
also talked about from Mexico. I made a
video on the main channel with Begoña
Herpe, which the editor will be putting up for you
if we don't forget, and they
call femicide whenever the
victim is a woman or a girl, when they say
degree of attempt, I understand that it's an
attempt, an attempted femicide. And the
truth is, with the flabby body he has
and the strength compared to that woman, he beat her
up for nothing, he kicked her
on the ground just because he felt like
it, and at least he should pay something big
with the law that hurts him because in the
end, money doesn't hurt this man.
The SEO of Twit is in
Spain.  visiting various
content creators on their platform to discuss
with them because I imagine that nonsense
that will not lead to anything is supposed to be
a contact with the creators so
that the creators get excited and do not
leave here right now things are
complicated Twitch does not stop every time
putting new rules that complicate the
Stream and on top of that they are paying
less and less and twit however they
are paying a
lot for the face Kick One Spanish streamer you wish
Never le Twitch A On Play and Rubius
yan I am going to read the thread that
Paul has posted these days the seo of twit is in
Spain and some streamers we have
met with him and beyond the fact that
some headlines that kik has left us go viral we
have asked him about
kik repeatedly his response has
been that he thinks it is good
that there is competition And that leads to
new viewers in the
streaming world, which he considers positive
for everyone regarding the flight of
streamers, he has commented that he is
more worried about those who stay than those who leave
monetization a while ago they dropped
subscription prices in
many countries where
purchasing power was not the same as in the US
months have gone by and as he explained to me
the data shows that the
cheaper zo in some countries has encouraged
more people to subscribe but that in
Spain in particular there have not been more
subs leading to simply earning less
and that is why they revert the
price I asked him to be more
transparent when explaining
these measures if possible with numbers and
clear examples I have also asked him
about the fact that by charging in
US dollars with the currency exchange
euros we have a considerable loss and he
explained to us that they are working
to change that advertising I pointed out to him
that in the Hispanic market there are very
few ads and I am not referring to how many
minutes of advertising people watch in a
Stream but the variety of advertisers there
are on the platform. Since there are few
active campaigns the same ad is seen
over and over again having a
very low income from advertising due to there being
few advertisers and sometimes
the same ad is even seen
several times in a row he was asking me more
about it to have more context he
told me that  they had made recent changes
in commercial management and that it is something that
needs to be improved. I mean, basically
all of this man's answers have
been evasive and yes, yes, we are worried
about that, yes, we are going to try to improve it,
but not much more. I mean, I know this type of
behavior, okay, let's see what Paul says here,
in general terms, some of the
topics. Although in my case, we talked about
quite a few other things on Stream while
we were walking, Chatting relaxedly through
Barcelona for almost 4 hours, I know that there has
been controversy from some streamers
not understanding that some of us wanted to
talk to him, but for my part, if they
give me the option to speak with the top
manager of one of the companies that I
depend on, I will always do it and I will take
advantage of that time to ask
questions and explain things. I don't know if he will pay attention
to our comments or requests
or if he will solve any of what we have
explained, but what is clear to me is that I
prefer that he hears my concerns
from my own mouth than for him to
imagine them based on what he sees on
Twitter, if he sees it, or based on the
reports, let's see. Personally, when I
have seen this type of things from
an SEO, it could basically be that he is
trying to convince them of something not that they
feel heard and that in the end they
come for the company and that's it Not
to the point where they have to
close because everything is not viable and
Twitch is usually closed or also that they are
listening directly to the problems not
directly from the streamers and that with
this they go thinking and plotting not
where to go to fix the situation
the boss of Twitch wants
auron
beaches merch Hello
chat cristal mly has exploded against her
community in her last Stream because they
were demanding that she spend more time
with them do not confuse what
those people did that they did not give a damn with what
I did Please it is not the same,
you know that I missed a day that I
knew there were going to be no eliminations and
that day I went to support another friend
too because Aldo is my friend and I
love him very much but I also have other
friends, I did not give a damn brawo, I did not
give a damn because at the event, I mean, I
went to my friend's game, it could
be her last day playing and well what
can I tell you, I mean, the truth is, I do not
see the reason why  I would have to
offend, like, someone would have to be
offended by that, right? These days
people are really heavy. I know that
konin exists, but there are people who are even
using konin to really throw me away. It does
n't seem fair to me that they're
throwing me away so many guys, seriously, it's not
fair if I miss a day of Stream to
support a friend, there they are
telling me things if I do one thing
To support another friend, they are
telling me things if I do something else
that I tell them something because it excites me and it
makes me happy, they throw me away, they are throwing me away
for everything and now they are starting to
joke about it, I really don't understand, I don't understand
that, like, at what point did we go to that, they
really screw you a lot, there are some people
who screw you a lot who think they
own my life and they can be
saying What things they have to do with
the decisions that I make in my life and
so on and what they tell me is that you make fun of
us Because, like, you don't value our
time, people, I swear that most
of my life I am with you, I really do
n't see my family that much, I don't talk to my
family that much  I haven't seen my family
most of the time in my entire
life. From the age of 5 onwards it's been
with you. I don't know why you say that I do
n't value your time, that I'm not
with you, you literally see you
more than my own friends and my family
and if Aldo is going to hate me because he wasn't there
one day, don't speak for him, let him tell me
personally because you all have to give your
opinion based on what he thinks. What's
true is they are my friends, they are not
your friends, I am the one who sees them and the ones
who talk to them, don't speak for them. I
mean, if Aldo is going to be angry, let him
tell me. I mean, because I wasn't there one day, let him
tell me. I talk to him. I
explain the situation to him, how it happened, how I
saw it, that I don't see it in a
bad way. I tell you because I put a scale on so many
days I'm going to be on the ant, I'm
just going to give it one day that isn't that
important because there are no
eliminations, like Rivers, because
she could be eliminated, she's also my
friend and if she doesn't want to understand, well, too
bad, but it will be him, not because of you, it seems.  be
that it all comes from the fact that Crystal
Molly missed her appointment one day in the series
that they are playing with Aldo Geo for whatever reason
something came up and I have felt
very identified with her in one thing and that
is that she makes sure to let her
followers know if one day she is not going to be
direct or I mean that happens to me a little and I do
n't have the obligation many times
because it's like simply well let's see I have
not stayed no I mean if I open I open and if I don't
open then I don't open but it's like yesterday
I put a tuino at night Hey
I'm at my father's house that I won't be able to get there on
time and also I have to leave
recorded videos while I go on a trip
tonight there is no Stream no and it's like you
feel the need Not from your
group of friends from your family not from your
community to warn them and let them know where
you are that's why family you always have to
follow me on Twitter on Instagram and
also in my WhatsApp group to see if I do
n't forget and the WhatsApp broadcast group I
leave it in this in this
video in the comments box fixed
okay I'm going to try not  I forgot I'm
not promising anything let's see
some screenshots of the
Alvise Telegram group have been leaked the context is very
large but basically Alvis is a
kid who was like a Twitter influencer
activist against the
radical left in the country the left-wing political parties
in Spain and basically he has
managed to convince people to
vote for him in a party that he
created that has a squirrel a squirrel
with a V for Vendetta mask that's how we are
no well we would have a lot to
talk about Al Bice I've caught
Al Bice telling a lot of lies the truth is
as much as we might
share some political ideals
I don't like Al Bce's ways at all I
've caught him claiming exclusives
that are not his many times I've
caught him lying outright Well I
remember that in fact I have a video
on the main channel about Alvise for
a topic that was about how the guy
made up that his
Twitter account had been closed because of an
ultra leftist movement or some paranoia like that
or that Twitter wanted to censor him because
Twitter was progressive and basically they
had closed his account  from Twitter
because I had posted private data, I had
published I don't remember if it was
private data, a bank account number
or a phone number, I don't
remember what it was exactly, but they
make up this kind of thing, you know, on
this occasion, for example, what
happened is that Rubén Sánchez, this guy from
FACUA, who I also like and who also gets along
well with me, has reported a
journalist who is a friend of his, Víctor
Killer, for libel and slander. This
complaint, well, they haven't been able to
send it to Víctor Killer, who is the
accused, he is the defendant. I don't know if it's because they ca
n't find the address or because he does
n't receive the notifications and basically
the judge who is investigating the case
launches a file where they
order his arrest if they see him. Of course, that
's what happens because this guy
can be easily arrested because he is at
many public events. I mean, it's not
difficult to find him. In fact, he is in the
same Congress of Deputies almost
every day asking questions to
politicians, of course, an arrest is
something very long, not for a complaint
of libel and slander, you don't  They're going to
put him in jail for that, so I don't even
understand why the guy, if he's capable of
making those statements, doesn't take the
complaint and defend himself from the complaint.
But anyway, I imagine it's to
extend the deadlines or whatever, okay,
apparently he said a lot of
outrageous things to the others, quite a lot,
okay, I'm not going to get into the
things he said, okay, this is not the
video. I know that Rubén Sánchez wants to. I
also want to with Cristina Seguí, who, as you know,
is a friend of mine and I really
appreciate her and I get along very well. I
also have a special affection for her because I lived with her the
experience in Thailand at the sanctuary
with Fran and well, I share with her, for
example, the Stream yard. That means
that we are very good friends. Well, basically,
with Cristina Seguí, he lost the complaint, I
mean, Rubén Sánchez lost the complaint. I don't
remember what Cristina Seguí said to him, I
think she said something and that she had a
group on Twitter to close accounts or
something like that, which is something that is
talked about a lot on Twitter about this
man  okay the faca spokesman but it
seems that Vito kiles has
made some pretty tough accusations, I mean
apparently he even insinuated
pedof Oh and it's gotten out of hand
you know, I mean I don't know I haven't seen it okay
but more or less what
the press is saying The move is that it turns out that
in the end the judge made a mistake and she didn't
have to order his arrest she has
corrected the order and what she is asking is to
find out his whereabouts Well then
Alvise knowing that the judge because he gets along
with Vito is not rectifying this order
goes and in the Telegram group
the other day he publishes a message okay like
warning the judge to correct the
order as soon as possible and what she is asking is to
find out Vito's whereabouts when
10 minutes before ABC had already published
that correction, in other words wanting to
pretend that he warns the judges and
even scares them, I mean some movies
and some moves from this guy that I just do
n't understand how he got
800,000 votes because really I mean  we
are complaining that they vote for Pedro
Sánchez how can you still vote for
Pedro Sánchez but how the [ __ ]
Who are you voting for a guy with a squirrel The
Movida is that in this Telegram group
and that's what we're going for with the news because
this has to do with youtubers no that I'm
sure some of you are already saying
Javi bastard don't get involved in that no no it's
that Marina yers is or rather Marina yer
is in this Telegram group of
alvise and Rocío Vidal well I put her
no and she says fan of yados now from al bice
the best detector of scams and bullies is
wherever Marina yers is at that
moment what do I tell you my weapon what do I tell you I
said it the other day on Twitter I don't
understand why this didn't go viral it
wasn't an exclusive of mine as such In fact,
not only was it not an exclusive of
mine, they said it on the program that
I think right now on YouTube has
more viewers and more audience The
podcast of a los fque Anuel leaked that he was
going to meet Will Smith at the
ibai evening the cinema is chasing you
because you were  in Bad Boy right there at
the premiere no yes yes we were at the
Premier with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence
And yes the movie in my opinion for me
is the best of all or and for me the
best was the two and well this one for me
is At the same level or even more badass they were
really badass What did you
talk about with Will no no no I don't have
that type of relationship with As I'm going to get to
know him better in I have he's going to be at
the event at the Bernabeu you know
that he's going to be part of that event there I'm
going to share with him that there yes I
surely know him better the cinema
follows you because you were in Bad Boy
right there at the Premier no And this
very special participation in the evening
of ibai has already been confirmed by
ibai himself the truth is that it was quite
unlikely but well there was the
possibility that Anuel had
leaked something like that to his face that was
false we are going to have a very
special guest who is going to put on a very
special show one of the biggest
superstars in the world is
American a person who has a
giant career as an actor also as a
rapper it is an honor for us to
tell you all that  we're going to have a
special appearance by
Will Smith himself, there we have it, gentlemen,
Mr. Will Smith, a great rapper of
many years ago, I'm dying to see that
performance, you know that recently I traveled
to Madrid alone and exclusively to go
to Hormiguero to see
Will and me from the audience, which it's true that I was
able to see up close and for me it was
a dream, in fact, when he appeared
on the set I think
tears came to my eyes, if not I cried straight away so
nothing Congratulations to all of you who are
going to the evening, the truth is it's going to
be really cool the other day
a video went viral in which some
people were visiting a church
in Mexico and suddenly a
woman came in yelling at them and very angry
wanting to kick them out of the church
claiming that it was disrespectful for them to wear
shorts Well, it
turns out to be a coincidence that
one of the people who were in that
video at that moment was the streamer
maichi who uploaded a tiktok who already
posted some tweets the other day but she
uploaded a tiktok  explaining more
extensively how I had experienced the
situation this viral video was
probably the most uncomfortable moment of
my entire life in which a lady did not
allow me to enter a church with
shorts because according to her it was
a lack of respect for God and in her
church something was not allowed that I have never
experienced in my life and that probably
rarely happens but it did and
all the people who were there
came out to defend me and protect me and I
must thank you because it was
truly lovely each and every one of the people
behaved superbly and had
very nice words towards me and of course I
take with me that image of people
protecting me and defending themselves because
although there are cases like these in which they do
n't allow something and they are like super
strict in reality I was not doing
anything wrong and I don't think it is a bad thing to
wear shorts to church so
although it was the most uncomfortable moment
of my life I also have to tell you that it
was quite a anecdote since I
never in my life thought that the
news in many countries would be on the news for this
video and for something like this new day in belum
New Day of funa on this occasion tense
ha  been the one who put his foot in it with
some xenophobic comments towards
Argentinians when he got into an argument with another
Argentinian streamer who was
doing a Ray ceco 4k of viewers I don't give a
[ __ ] about the ceco you caught being
Latino surely He can't even leave
Argentina with the money he'll earn I'm
sorry to say but it will be like this
with the money I earn I went to
Russia and I can go wherever I want but
dogs I can go out on the street
now at 5 in the morning and not get
robbed And if you go out on the street you have to
go with a gun
dog just in
case you understand me just in case I don't get
robbed this is Europe we have money
dude I'm starving yeah look at Red
Bull you're in Argentina it doesn't even reach this
is European dog Red Bull doesn't even reach
Argentina you understand me Red Bull How many
keyboards do you want me to show you I'm
playing with one but I can show you
five if I want you understand me in
Argentina you type with your mobile dog and
if you have a mobile the same You're watching the
Stream with a
microwave well no brother here in
Spain go from  [ __ ] it's very frowned upon it's that
you're a [ __ ] loser who has to
pay to
[ __ ] And how handsome you are and you don't have a
girlfriend How handsome you are and he does
n't have a girlfriend Oh oh oh how handsome the
Argentinian doesn't have a girlfriend let's see as you've seen the
comments are quite unpleasant And
yes they are xenophobic first of all before
continuing with the context of
this whole fight give some data to atense like that
without importance Red Bull is not
European Red Bull is made in
Thailand it comes from Thailand okay okay it
's Asian Red Bull and well it's been a
long time since I heard from this guy this
guy on some occasion
some clip has gone
viral on Twitter Although few knew
his name kicking the computer and
hitting I think headbutting the keyboard
or something like that and precisely on
the main channel we had a video
3 years ago also in a series of ras back then
egolan for some
outbursts he had with the streamer
missandy with missandy it was for
Smash my [ __ ] too yes yes your [ __ ]
whenever you want and when you don't here too we
give him a job  if you're unemployed we'll give you a
job Don't worry That's the
comment that has generated all the
discord that I was doing if you listen to it so
lightly in a quick way Well maybe you do
n't give it importance I understand that he
notices heche well he won't have
even thought about what he said Okay but the
comment is very unfortunate you
know that I'm neither a feminist nor do I
consider myself an ally nor do I get offended by
anything Okay but the comment
is quite unfortunate because the
girl says yes yes my [ __ ] too like we maybe
say Yes yes
my balls my balls I don't know what you know
like a vulgar expression but
this guy answers Yes yes to your
[ __ ] too whenever you want and strong
and when you don't want to too you understand
That is a rather
unfortunate comment Okay I find
the comment so out of place dude really right I do
n't understand but if
you said it the one with the [ __ ] and my [ __ ] too
Hello I said and my [ __ ] too yeah yeah
[ __ ] but it's a way of Well then I
also a way of offered your [ __ ] No  I know let's
see, I'm not [ __ ] Nano, something's going on
here, one offered her [ __ ] and the other
said whenever you want, here Cheto, I
understand that he didn't do it with
bad intentions, it's just that he
talked a little without
really understanding the Movida, it's happened to him
on other occasions, okay, it usually happens to him that he
gets into things because he
talks without knowing, he says it's okay, one
offered her [ __ ] and the other told her
whenever she wants and that's not what
happened, I don't know how he who was next to her did
n't understand well ceto says that he
understood that she offered her [ __ ], I
mean, saying and my [ __ ] is also not
offering your [ __ ] and much less for
whenever you want and when you don't want
also imagine that someone comes to
my chat and tells me that I play very badly and
I say yes yes my balls, that's not that I'm
offering my balls to him so he can
do with it whatever he wants but let's
see that I also, just like
you have reached the point of the [ __ ], well, I'll take out the other guy, let's
see if you can talk and I'm not, it's that
we are in the of Always in the same
always  offended and the
offended and the offended I have not been
offended if I am the yes I am the first one
who is making joke about that
then I do not understand it I do not understand
When you said and when not too It is
a joke about that well it is a joke no
but it is that I get angry because no but it is that you
put yourselves there now the
defensive So no if you have gotten angry
you have gotten angry but how am I going to get
angry over a shitty comment son
you have gotten angry until 29 years old [ __ ] You
pissed off because you immediately
told me that it is unnecessary I do not know what I do not know cu
we can stop crying and continue playing
the problem here of Cheto who is not
realizing also okay the other the
other I do not take it very into account okay
Because the other one is seen that he is not that he is not
very fine okay several creators Like for
example dig gref have reacted to the
unfortunate comment that brings us
here Today I'm hungry yes Look Red Bull
you are an Argentina it does not arrive no but a
Red Bull No man no we are not going to
put Red Bull now  through not your
[ __ ] mother tense man you're getting
heated because they raided your
house man it's a game about
raiding that maybe they screwed up 24
hours of gameplay for you [ __ ] but no don't
react like that man this is European man
Red Bull doesn't even reach Argentina you
understand me Red Bull How many keys do you
want me to teach you I'm playing with
one but I can teach you five if I
want you in Argentina you clear it with your
cell phone man and if you have a cell phone the same
You're watching the Stream with a microwave
well no brother watch out there's a cut coming here
in Spain going [ __ ] is frowned upon let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see
The shoka who
is being forced every day to ban
someone in a disciplinary manner three
days three ban has explained How he
saw this move And these comments from
tense and that finally well he has decided
as it could not be otherwise to
expel him I know that he's going to ask me
a lot of the people of Ay but you
kicked marky out for [ __ ] on
everyone and aens  what are you going to do I don't know what they're
going to do because I didn't ban marky
the
administration banned marky and we'll see what they do
with tens but it looks like it's not going to
be a different result I repeat I don't
know what velum is coming what I'll do emos I don't even
know if there will be another velum but what I do
know is that a Guideline will be followed
Okay and the decision that has to be made will be made
but obviously if
you make those comments you have to
face the consequences of doing so I
repeat that I understand that if you kill
ceco or spring or any of the
Argentine streamers Maybe there will
be a part of their community that will
come to throw [ __ ] at you that will come to
insult you and that's what it is it's a part
of the streaming community and that's what it is It's
okay I was tanking them too
when the barbe thing when the
B thing when everyone else and they are
largely not to blame at
least most of them are not to
blame But there are very intense people on the
internet who are half dumb who are half
dumb and don't understand that we are in
a series in which in many cases they are going
to kill your favorite and you
have to screw yourself just like they've killed me
a bunch of times and I haven't said
anything I haven't said anything that's it [ __ ] on me
[ __ ] on their [ __ ] mother too and that
's it and I say Well that's how it is one of
the things that shokas has wanted to make
very clear is that he is not going to
invite anyone from the
fortnite community again eh He will never participate again
in an event of mine and unless he is a friend
personal friend of one of the
organizers of the series okay the
entire community is banned because you are
truly garbage you are the worst community in the
history of the internet along with LOL
and FR software I mean you really
are the worst communities on the internet
you are absolute AIDS I don't want to know anything
about you, having said that, the whole
xenophobia issue is being
dealt with by the administration the
administration will meet will talk to
whoever needs to talk and will make the
decision that hopefully will be the right one
as they have been so far  all the other
eh eh decisions at the moment In my
opinion seeing it from the outside I think they have been
successful because seeing
everything everything that has happened I think that to a greater or lesser extent people have been a little bit too clever and that's what it is f gref f gref gref the first one we are going to throw vin at has gotten angry again with someone in his chat this
time because they have gone to
annoy him again So she has few
numbers, let's see, there are a lot of people making
fun of ví on Twitter for
having many fewer
viewers than she had on Twitch
And it seems that there are people who do not
understand that this is also due
to the fact that well I have seen that people
playing depending on the time on
some occasions they have more or less
viewers in the end it is a game that
is many hours and I do not think that
everyone brings it complete I remember
that recently Precisely in a
newscast we commented that vin had few
viewers and that they were
criticizing her for that and then the
next day I showed you the capture of another
Stream in which  I was with 3000
viewers But well here the thing
as Vin is saying is that she is
contracted by Kiik Also I think that
Vin is not there because of the incentive issue
that you already know is that they pay you per
viewer having their viewers
I understand that Vin is under contract that is why he
claims that it is the same to him whether he has 400 or
another time 500 or another
time 1000 because they will be paying him
a lot of money surely there is one
thing that evidently is not going to go
unnoticed and that is that villin to
command a little forgive me the expression to
take it up the ass to his hater he speaks to him in
German I do not know if this is going to cost him
more jokes I find it very funny the people who
come to Kik to tell me Oh How few
people see you on Kik I mean I do not come so that
people come to me I come because they
charge me a pas I charge a fortune
you know I charge a fortune I do not care how many
people see me or not I charge the same so
stop worrying about my economy
because believe me  it's much better than
yours my clothes also fit me [ __ ]
great and my life is going [ __ ] great in
general So guten tag Good morning in
German okay obsessed with Kick not even that
someone was here for numbers at
least not me I come for money also be
very careful Juan guarnizo that villin
has not said that he has a
better bed than yours this is not the first time
that Vegeta has this type of
behavior and that we comment on it on
this channel I remember back then
many years ago You guys hadn't been
born yet all this was
still countryside when people like lmd show or
Will hater I think too and some
creators uploaded a video talking about
Vegeta's humility 777 and he already has 20
million subscribers which I'm telling you he
could give a damn about anything he could
give a damn about living in his dome with his with
his life his job is at the top he
is at the [ __ ] top and he could
give a damn about all the people who are
below him could not care less but that a
guy of this caliber says this Hats
off to me but that's the problem
that  many especially of these that
maybe are appearing now new it's
like everything comes to them suddenly and I
understand that youth also does a
lot You know I was so to speak
lucky that I wasn't so young when
I started then well maybe I
knew how to handle the whole situation better and many will
think that they are the masters that I don't know
what that is fine perfect but you have to
be a little more humble you have to know
that where you are is thanks to many
people who are following you and you never
know when the people you have
despised may be the person that is
going to lend a hand in the future it is that
to these words I have nothing to
add It is simply what he says there are
many people who it is true that they are on
YouTube and have figures and have numbers and
such and automatically it is thought that they are
I don't know Justin Bieber Brad Pitt Samuel
Jackson Michael well this is one of those
cases And the thing is that Vegeta has given a
very nice speech to his
followers when they asked what it
feels like to have more viewers than
Auron Playas himself Hello Vegeta My
king I am glad to see that you have 50k vi
surpassing Auron me  I'm very happy this is
without auron I just prefer you to I'm
happy for taste the
colors but well Honestly because
we have the And that guys But well as I
always say
no no no to me the whole issue this numbers and
such I'm doing the direct
Exactly the same as when there is
nobody quiet doing my own
thing but no no because a person has
more less numbers is better or worse And in
this case it is something specific in my case that's why do
n't give so many turns to those
things guys that are
nonsense being calm doing my
things and having fun but it's true
that people who don't it for no
for The donation that they have made me eh that
The donation has been made to me without bad
intentions I take it for granted but it's
true that people get really worried about that they
tell me wow this one has so
many viewers well it's better no if
this works in stages we have
had stages that we have even reached
half a million people and that it is
something specific it is not
normal a specific situation that was
carmal such depends on the series depends
on the games So
no I do not suo give you go they have been created
as competitions  over the years with
this whole Twitch YouTube thing since I'm
new to Twitch I don't really
care but oh well
People also have to understand that many times
I've seen it out there not like the
typical youtuber says Oh hey This youtuber
is a failure because he doesn't have as many
people anymore or this streamer that isn't watched by as many
people and it's like let's see you have to
understand that This goes in stages I think
what counts is the career not what you
do in overall computation Hey for
how many years have you been here what have you
done have you done different series have you
made different content I think that's what
I value the most not the fact that
you have more people than this other one
another youtuber style could come tomorrow
for example Fernan Flow when he arrived it was
like wow super novel everything full full full full full full
and then suddenly he
stopped uploading videos Well the thing is
that there are different stages and that's why the
others who maybe at that time didn't
stop watching of being a person no this
works like that what Vegeta says is
completely  true and we have
seen this on many occasions that we also
depend many times on good of not
stages as such Simply because in
some occasions they go better for us and in
others worse as such simply but
also for example the type of content
that right now Vegeta is in a
series and from what he is explaining in the
clip he has some kind of thing that draws a
lot of attention not that maybe
other participants do not have I
always use channels like
mine as an example not that in the end the issue of having more
less vis Well it also depends a lot on
the topics if the topics are not so
strong in some occasions I
cannot invent them Although eye
everything has been seen family here we are leaving the
video I hope you liked it
tomorrow surely as I will
still be traveling if something
important comes up You already know that I connect with
you and I record a video of that
from my mobile that you also like a
lot but surely tomorrow Saturday what we
do will be the weekly bombshell that we have
not uploaded for a few weeks well we will
probably do the
weekly bombshell to review all the
latest gossip and to  when we come back on
sunday let's catch up with everything what do you
think if you like and are interested in this
type of content don't forget to always
show it to me with a like with a
subscription share and all those things
that help so much to the channel grow you
can become members from only
one euro a month you have the
join button next to the subscribe button if you
want to support the channel and you also have
super thanks which are like the
Super chat of the live shows but with
highlighted comments in the
colored comment box in I send you a
huge kiss have a good weekend see you very
soon very soon bye bye remember that there
are also videos on the other channels
okay on telesalseo and on the
main channel on Javi oliveira bye handsome
[Music]